Sthorpe/add reference arch links (#11807)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/_index.md

Cloudflare Tunnel provides you with a secure way to connect your resources to Cloudflare without a publicly routable IP address. With Tunnel, you do not send traffic to an external IP — instead, a lightweight daemon in your infrastructure (`cloudflared`) creates outbound-only connections to Cloudflare’s global network. Cloudflare Tunnel can connect HTTP web servers, [SSH servers](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/use-cases/ssh/), [remote desktops](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/use-cases/rdp/), and other protocols safely to Cloudflare. This way, your origins can serve traffic through Cloudflare without being vulnerable to attacks that bypass Cloudflare.

> Read our [reference architecture](/reference-architecture/sase-reference-architecture/) for details on how to implement tunnels into your existing infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to our [reference architecture](/reference-architecture/sase-reference-architecture/) for details on how to implement Cloudflare Tunnel into your existing infrastructure.
```
